so hello everyone today unpack
prestigio multipad 2 prime tablet to 80
The tablet is equipped with an 8 inch ips matrix
connection with a resolution of 1024 by 768 pixels
43 screen ratios
tablet based on the processor
rockchip 3066
dual core 16 gainer with every core
also supported by one gigabyte
RAM on board is dishonest
come on inbuilt memory
video accelerator mali 400 mp4 nuclear
battery 4 400 milliampere hours android 4
1 out of the box is wolf and the version is not 3g
also equipped with two front camera
0 3 megapixels rear 5 megapixels with
autofocus
it means dice supports memory cards
micro sd up to 32 gigabytes
definition box
traditionally
company
prestige delivers your tablets with
cover
what we see here is the tablet itself
case
this we will postpone consider picking
here we have a manual
2 year warranty
this tablet from apple company
there is no electric power
Anyone interested in can contact
this store and what we see
picking boxes charger
charger how much should I be
me store
The warranty is not two years like on the tablet itself
a half year
I do not know how to treat
Must be worth to minus
because
stable operation of the charger
company prestige is not guaranteed
and also we see two adapters
Dante to plant European rosettes
cross it
to sockets
Hashim CIS
computer organization
in my opinion it could be in length and
about half a meter cable itself
also necessarily tributs are cats and
external 3g modems
boxes all
consider the tablet itself
Our supplied in shipping
film
here are the main characteristics
tablet
shipping film can be immediately
take off
turn on the tablet
so branded screen saver with prestige
until I turn on
up
major
interfaces
need more means at the top of the butt we
see
me important may exit
then a slot for memory cards
get miniusb mini micro usb
tablet charging connector
will also
possible poorly visible is the microphone
built in
also shaking free millimeter
headphone jack power button on
right side we see
regular volume control more on
right side there is nothing on
there is also nothing on the bottom
the left side also we see nothing
without back the tablet is equipped
5 megapixel camera
engraving
brand logo
company prestige and one speaker
for some reason in the reviews they write that there are two
the dynamics here I see only one
the tablet itself has already been loaded
farther
we see the prestige app wavin
here it requires customization
so
this will be the next fry